Add more detail to intro and abstract. (#58)
daffidwilde/kmodes-init-paper: arxiv/main.tex

\begin{abstract}
    This paper presents a new way of selecting an initial solution for the

>     \(k\)-modes algorithm that allows for a notion of mathematical fairness and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \(k\)-modes algorithm that allows for a notion of game theoretic fairness and
```

how do you feel about that as a suggestion @gillardjw re your point about vagueness of `mathematical fairness`? I don't disagree that that's vague but perhaps `game theoretic` is slightly more precise?

    a leverage of the data that the base initialisations from literature do
    not. The method, which utilises the Hospital-Resident Assignment Problem to
    find the set of initial cluster centroids, is compared with the original

>     initialisation for \(k\)-modes as well as the next most popular method. In

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    find the set of initial cluster centroids, is compared with two
    initialisation methods for \(k\)-modes~\cite{Cao2009} as well as the 
    next most popular method present in the literature~\cite{Huang1998}. In
```

    order to highlight the merits of the proposed method two stages of analysis
    are presented. The first uses benchmark datasets to give familiarity whilst
    the second utilises a body of artificial datasets that were generated to
    reveal the nuances of each method. Based on this analysis, the proposed
    method is shown to outperform the other initialisations in the majority of
    cases, especially when the number of clusters is optimised. In addition, the
    proposed method is found to outperform the popular established method

>     specifically for low-density data.

Reviewer 2: I prefer the style and sentences you've got in the introduction, I would specifically mention Huang and Cao in the abstract, and mention the analysis that you conclude the paragraph in the introduction with, I'd be more specific, and there is no harm in repeating sentences between the abstract and introduction. I think I'd also get rid of "mathematical fairness". That's too vague a concept, What about prior knowledge? Something like that?

the quality of its initial solution. The initialisation method proposed in this
work extends the method presented by Huang~\cite{Huang1998} by using results
from game theory to ensure mathematical fairness and to lever the full learning

> opportunities presented by the data being clustered. In addition to the method

Reviewer: Same comments (I see that I've made my suggestions on the arXiv version).
